[singing voice] Aniplex.
[wind blowing]
[gasps]
[wincing]
[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[birds chirping]
[grunting]
[gasps]
It was a...
Dream, right?
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
[blows landing]
[grunting]
[groans]
[panting]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
Saber,
are you holding back today?
[Saber] No.
Didn't see like you were
as hard on me as you were
when we sparred yesterday.
[Saber] That is because
your skills
are quickly improving.
[gasps]
Are they?
To be more specific,
your stance
is much more efficient.
I don't know why.
I was just remembering
some moves.
Oh, so that's it.
You were using
Archer's technique
as your basis for study,
not mine.
[Shirou] Huh?
Uh, you mean you
can tell stuff like that?
Of course I can!
I mean,
if you remember,
you had no fundamental stance
to begin with.
I'm sorry!
I didn't mean it as any kind
of slight against you!
I guess he really got
into my head.
It's 'cause I was around him
all day yesterday.
There is no need to apologize.
If his fighting style
is a better fit for you
than mine is,
it is not for me to judge.
Um, Saber...
[exhales sharply]
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[Shirou grunting]
♪♪ ♪♪
‐ [both laughing]
‐ [Shirou] Good morning.
‐ Huh?
‐ [gasps]
Zounds!
You are hardly ever tardy.
Ms. Fujimura was indeed wroth
with your absence.
[chuckles nervously]
[Shinji] Well, finally
gracing us with your presence?
[Shirou] Shinji.
You let it all go to your head
and now you think
you're hot stuff.
[Shinji] Still,
I'm glad you came.
It wouldn't be any fun
if you weren't here.
Now everything is perfect.
[laughing maniacally]
[giggling]
[school bell ringing]
[gasps]
[school bell ringing continues]
What's up?
Not going to the cafeteria?
I should like nothing better,
but look hence.
See for thyself.
Hmm?
T'is no doubt about it.
Yon girl is peeking
into our classroom
nonchalantly yet brazen.
[Boy] She wears a
"Your awaited person
will not notice,"
instead of "will not come" look
on her face.
She is trying to keep control,
but is about to snap,
like unto one who left
a thoughtful birthday gift
for someone and that person
has not noticed it
even after a year.
[all gasping]
[grunts]
[groans]
Tohsaka, where are you going?
It's lunch break,
so I'm going somewhere
to eat lunch, obviously.
Oh, right.
Well,
good luck finding
a nice spot to sit.
I'm eating in
the student council office.
Stop!
Wait just a minute!
What's wrong?
Forget your lunch money
or something?
I guess I can share my food
with ya if‐‐
Of course not,
numb skull!
I brought my lunch!
[grunting]
[grunts]
You'd be sitting
in the wind over there.
[grunts]
[exhales]
‐ [chomps]
‐ [Rin] Sorry.
Huh?
About yesterday,
I mean.
I've used a command seal
on Archer.
I ordered him not
to attack you again
for as long
as our alliance stands.
I know it doesn't make up
for anything...
But I'm sorry.
[Shirou] That's not something
that you
should be apologizing for.
I gave him free reign yesterday
so I'm the one responsible
for everything that happened.
All right.
If that's how you want
to see it,
guess I'll play along.
Besides, I was partly
to blame for everything,
and if he hadn't been there,
I...
So then let's say we're even.
Fine.
So where is he?
Archer, I mean.
I left him at home.
I see.
[school bell rings]
[grunts]
[Shirou] Oh, crap!
Lunch break is over already.
[grunts]
[Rin] Hang out with me a bit.
[gasps]
Skipping class once in a while
won't do any harm.
[scoffs]
[giggles]
How come you're so fixated
on strengthening magic?
[Shirou] I've tried
all different kinds
but that's the only type
of magic I can do.
As for me,
I'm able to store up
simple power
and alter its flow,
and I can convert
and store mana
in various kinds of objects.
[Shirou] Should you
be telling me this?
You told me yours so it wouldn't
be fair if I didn't.
[grunts]
[Rin] I know I showed you
this earlier,
but this is my magic crest.
What we pass down in our family
are conversion techniques.
Our specialty
is the purposeful transfer
of power either in ourselves
or in others.
[Shirou] I heard that the Matous
are a mage family.
Did you know that?
[Rin] Yes.
My father once told me
that they
were no longer considered
a true mage bloodline.
[grunts]
[Shirou] Hey, wait a second.
You knew that Shinji
was a master
and you didn't tell me?
Uh...
[laughing]
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
I just found out this morning.
[Rin] I had written him off
as someone
who couldn't possibly be
a master.
[Shirou] So what are you going
to do about him?
Attack him right away?
[Rin] Don't be silly.
I wouldn't attack someone
willy nilly
just because he's a master.
You did, actually.
Me, remember?
[Rin] I only did that because
you weren't taking any
of this seriously.
It was an exceptional exception.
[clears throat]
And anyway,
our enemy's the master
who's hiding somewhere
in the school.
Let's focus on him for now.
So then you're saying there
are four masters here
at the school?
Wouldn't there have to be?
[Rin] Shinji has absolutely
no power as a master.
I warned him that
I'd only turn a blind eye
if he behaved himself,
so I don't expect
any trouble from him.
Tohsaka, wait a minute.
Tell me more about what happened
between you and Shinji.
Well, Shinji was the one
who sought me out first.
He said,
"Since we're both masters,
we should join forces, right?"
I turned him down,
of course,
but he just wouldn't take no
for an answer,
so I finally said,
"I have Emiya with me already,
so I don't need you."
[laughs]
Right to his face.
So that's why he was acting
so strange when I saw him.
So, what's the plan, Tohsaka?
Huh?
[Shirou] Shinji might not be
a real mage,
but he is the one who put up
the bounded field around
the school.
[magical whooshing]
What, you didn't realize that?
Oh, no.
This could turn out
really badly!
[rumbling]
[both gasping]
[Shinji] Ah, fantastic!
Now this is how servants
should be, right?
[laughing]
[snarls]
[groaning]
What is this?
Can't breathe!
Just keep generating mana
inside your body.
‐ You'll be fine.
‐ [gasps]
Sakura!
[unsettling music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasping]
[both gasping]
[gasps]
Wait!
[grunts]
[Shirou] She's breathing.
It's not too late to save them.
We have to find Shinji
and make him take down
this field.
[gasps]
[gasping]
‐ [Rin] Emiya!
‐ [gasps]
[thuds]
[grunts]
[snarls]
[blow lands]
[booming]
What the hell are these things?
Golems.
A type of familiar.
[gasps]
[Shirou] I'll summon Saber.
It's only fair.
You used a seal yesterday.
That means it's my turn now.
All right, Emiya.
Now please.
Come to me!
[Shirou] Saber!
[electric sparking]
[both grunting]
Saber!
I came in response
to your summons.
What is the situation?
[Shirou] Look around.
A servant has set up
a bounded field.
We need to take it down fast.
Archer, come now.
Now, be alert.
I sense the presence
of a servant.
No way!
In here?
‐ Rin?
‐ [gasps]
[grunts]
If that's what you're sensing,
I'm sure you're right,
but I sense the field's point
of origin on the first floor.
The servant is here
on this floor
even though the field
is coming from the first?
[Rin] I can't say for certain,
but that's what
I'm sensing right now.
Rin, where is Archer now?
If he is present,
he can give us
a better assessment.
I keep calling him,
but he's not answering.
The bounded field cuts us off
from the outside world.
[Rin] The only thing that will
get through is a command seal.
[Saber] This bounded field
is strong enough
to separate master
from servant.
The enemy intends
to finish us here.
Shirou.
[grunts]
Saber.
There's a servant somewhere
on this floor.
[grunts]
[Shirou] You handle the servant.
We'll go take down the field.
Are you serious?
It is a dangerous
but good decision.
Go now while I keep them busy.
Right, thanks.
Come on.
Let's go.
[Rin] What?
Dammit, wait!
[grunts]
[shouts]
[blows landing]
[grunts]
[screeching]
Oh, this is the best.
This is how a first rate master
gets things done.
[laughs]
Maybe I'll go check out
Emiya's withered husk later.
[laughs]
[gasps]
What's the matter?
Sense something?
Huh?
[Shinji] Hey, what's the deal?
How are you able to move?
[footsteps approaching]
Stop.
Stay away from me!
I'm warning you!
Stay back!
[whimpers]
[shudders]
What the hell?
[gasping]
[whimpering]
‐ Rider!
‐ [Rider grunts]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Rider‐class servant!
[blows landing]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Caster giggles]
[laughs]
That was Caster.
[Shirou] Okay,
where's the field's source?
[Rin] Not too far.
It's right over there.
That classroom up ahead.
These things don't give up!
[grunting]
Dammit, how many more
of these blasted things
are there?
Shirou, stand back.
Huh?
[Rin speaking foreign language]
[gasping]
[shouting foreign language]
[booming]
[both breathing heavily]
[both gasping]
‐ [whimpering]
‐ [Shirou] Shinji!
[whimpering]
[grunting]
[gasping]
[Rin] I don't wanna hear
your excuses!
I'm going to make you pay
for what you've done
no matter what you have
to say!
No, wait!
Y‐‐You've got it all wrong!
It isn't me!
What do you mean,
it isn't you?
Now, take the field down
right this instant!
If you say no I'll blow
your sniveling face clean off!
No, you got it wrong!
It wasn't me!
I didn't kill her!
‐ [Rin] Shinji!
‐ [Shinji screams]
‐ [grunting]
‐ [shouting]
[Shirou] Tohsaka!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
Tohsaka.
Over there.
She's dead.
[electric buzzing]
[clattering]
[gasps]
‐ [screams]
‐ [scoffs]
Looks like you survived
by allowing your servant
to be killed in your place,
but if you saw
the killer's face,
it'll be your turn next.
B‐‐But that wouldn't happen!
[Shinji] I‐‐I don't have
a servant!
She's dead!
I'm not a master anymore!
You two are
the ones who still have
a target on your backs!
[Rin] That's true.
Even if you still
have command seals,
you're no threat anymore.
Mere gnats can't kill anyone.
A‐‐A mere gnat?
You call me a gnat?
Thank me for not comparing you
to a common cockroach.
Now, if you saw who did it,
tell me.
[Rin] At the moment that's
the only value
you have to us.
[Shinji screaming]
Talk.
What kind of servant was it
that beat down your servant
and took her out?
[gasps]
How should I know, moron?
[whimpers]
You're the ones who should
be scared completely out
of your skulls,
because you guys are next!
You're the ones
its coming after next!
[grunts]
[Shirou] It's gonna be okay.
They're all still breathing.
[gasps]
Really, are you sure?
[Shirou] Yeah.
They're all alive.
All we have to do
is call for help.
With something like this,
do they need an ambulance?
A doctor?
No, the church is the place
we need to call.
We'll explain things
to Kirei
and he'll see to everything.
I see.
I'll call him right away, then.
[Shirou] You said it was Caster
on that floor?
[Saber] Yes, although it
was merely Caster's shadow
that was controlling all
the familiars.
I see.
Then the real Caster hasn't
set foot outside
of Ryuudou Temple,
and knowing her,
she manipulated Shinji
to lure Rider into a trap.
So you believe that Rider
was killed through deception,
then.
Crap.
At least we know
that Caster's master
is someone that's right here
at this school.
Hey.
[Shirou] All right,
if you have something to say,
then go ahead and say it.
Emiya, you're level‐headed.
I'm just surprised.
[Shirou] I wasn't calm.
I was probably so pissed
that I lost control.
[Rin] Even so,
you checked
on everyone's injuries.
I don't think
I could have done that.
Really, it was no big deal.
I'm used to seeing dead bodies.
[gasps]
[Rin] You are?
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]